[Music]
five simple exercises to lose thigh fat
fast exercising is essential when you
are determined to leave a couple of
those unwanted pounds on your thighs
there are a different approaches to
working out the majority of people spend
hours in the gym trying to achieve
perfect figure but all you need is a
couple of simple exercises that you can
easily do even at home and they will
work out not only your hips but your abs
and legs as well so without further ado
here are five exercises that will help
you lose thigh fat not only effectively
but also very quickly do this little
workout with us every morning and you
won't believe the results
[Music]
exercise number one it bridge the basic
pit bridge is one of the most common and
plastic exercises for losing sight back
so let's get to it shall we
first of all lie on your back bend your
knees while keeping your feet flat on
the floor then raise your hips off the
floor
your body will form a straight line from
your shoulders to your knees freeze in
this position for about one or two
seconds and then slowly lower back down
we're setting the clock up let's start
the basic hip bridge works not only your
hips and butt but also your stomach and
back among its other positive effects
are reducing the pain in the knees and
the back and improving posture yeah you
will get all of this if you do it
regularly how are you doing by the way
keep going
actually there are also other types of
bridges you can try such as a single leg
bridge inverted bridge narrow bridge and
other but let's concentrate on a basic
hip bridge for now
[Music]
and well done let's move right along to
the next exercise
exercise number two lunches of course
you've heard about lunges this simple
exercise will help you achieve not only
beautiful thighs but also strong and
awesome legs let's begin first and
foremost stand with your feet slightly
apart and then take a big step forward
with your right leg in this position
your side has to be parallel to the
floor lower your body until your right
knee is at a 90 degree angle then return
to the starting position and your time
starts now
lunges are exceptionally great for
strengthening your muscles and improving
both your coordination and flexibility
they build and sculpt different muscles
including your quadriceps hamstrings and
Guru do Maximus
Plus lunges are very easy to do as they
do not require any special equipment
you're doing great
keep going
[Music]
you can also try performing lunges with
dumbbells to make it more challenging or
side lunges which will work both your
inner and outer side okay one more time
good job
exercise number three a single leg
circle another important exercise that
you should add to your workout list if
you want to lose some thigh fat it takes
only a couple of minutes but gives a
great effect in the long run so here's
how you should do it
to begin with lie on your back with your
legs extended your arms should be placed
at your sides with your palms facing
down then lift your right leg over the
ground so that it'll point to the
ceiling circle your leg clockwise and
the clockwise and then lower it back
down do the same thing with your left
leg increase the size of the circle you
make gradually aren't you ready let's go
[Music]
the single-leg circle is originally one
of the Pilates exercises for improving
your core spank and pelvis remember not
to let your hips or shoulders lift off
the floor this is one of the key factors
of this exercise because only while you
keep your shoulders and hips stable do
your abs get a proper workout
[Music]
you also have to breathe correctly
inhale for the first half of your leg
circle and then exhale for the second
half repeat after me
inhale exhale yes exactly like that
[Music]
exercise number four leg lifts and whole
leg lifts and hold is another great way
to work your thighs legs and abs as you
probably already know pretty much every
exercise routine includes this
productive and basic workout and we were
also doing right now the algorithm from
doing listen holes is simple the first
thing you have to do is to lie down on
the mat facing upwards
placing your legs close to each other
then lift them up about a hand length
over the ground while keeping your knees
and ankles held together hold your legs
in this position for a couple of seconds
and then lower them back down one two
three go
[Music]
remember it's important not to lift your
shoulder all your legs should be working
it might be hard at the beginning but
keep working the results you will get
are worth it
[Music]
doing great a couple more times like hip
bridges there are different kinds of leg
lifts for example you can place the ball
between your feet while lifting them for
an additional service
[Music]
we are almost done nice job now you're
ready to do the final exercise exercise
number five squats every good workout
contains good old squats it is
undoubtedly one of the most popular and
effective exercises ever and it's a
final part of our exercise routine so
let's get to it
stand with your feet slightly apart and
then bend in a sitting position and so
your sides are parallel to the floor
stay in this position for some time and
then go back up you know what to do now
let's get started
squats trained a lot of muscle groups
such as quadriceps and hamstrings as
well as making your bone stronger
they'll help you build muscle lose
weight get toned and be overall stronger
and healthier who doesn't want that
right well you're already on your way to
all of it don't forget to keep your arms
parallel to the floor as well not Bend
too quickly or flips our stomach too far
forward there's no need to rush just
slow down and do a proper job
[Music]
one more time and we're done how are you
feeling there don't forget to do all of
these exercises every day it will take
only a couple of minutes but it will
sure make you energized and determine
it's important to take some time for
yourself and your own improvement and
regular exercising is a true key to good
health and beauty a three minute workout
before sleep to slim down your legs
fitness coaches insists that the most
important thing about working out is
persistence but let's be honest with
ourselves it's just too easy to be lazy
exercising every day is not the most
exciting thing to do but sitting on the
couch and binge watching our favorite
show yeah so for most of us the simpler
and quicker the exercise the better this
short set we're about to share with you
was developed by famous American
celebrity coach Tracey Anderson it helps
to eliminate fat deposits on the knees
and hips that can appear even in slim
people we work on the front back and
inner part of your thighs that's right
kiss those thunder thighs goodbye you
can do this workout from the comfort of
your own bed or couch and did we mention
it takes only three minutes
[Music]
number one toning the front of the
thighs let's start with the front part
of your thighs for this exercise you'll
need to lie on your back with your arms
at your sides raise your legs so that
they make a 90 degree angle with your
body and point your toes don't bend your
knees in this position they should be as
straight as possible now bend and
straighten your knees one at a time your
hips shouldn't move at all
so don't bend your knees towards you
keep the 90 degree angle at the hips
repeat this exercise ten times on each
leg
so are you ready to try it let's do it
[Music]
this exercise works in tones not only
your quads but also your knees and abs
don't forget to keep your knees together
and your thigh muscles tense
are you feeling the burn that's a good
sign it means you're doing it right
three two one
nice job now let's see what the next
exercise is all about number two toning
the back part of the thighs the exercise
we're going to do now has two parts the
first part is sort of like the previous
exercise only your toes won't be pointed
so start by lying on your back legs
raised and toes pulled towards your body
hold your knees together and bend them
one by one your toes should always be
pulled toward your body and your heels
should touch your buttocks each tiny
bend your leg don't forget about this
it's very important repeat this ten
times for each leg
the clocks ready it's time to start
[Music]
this complex exercise works in tones the
front and back part of the thighs knees
and abs keep going
[Music]
one last time and wonderful now let's
try the second part the initial position
is again lying on your back legs raise
but this time leave your knees slightly
bent swing your legs towards you by
raising your buttocks off the floor and
keeping the leg muscles flexed repeat 20
times
[Music]
and go get those butts off the floor no
cheating
if you're feeling the tension in your
hamstrings and a slight burning as well
you're doing everything just fine
this shows that the exercise is working
the way it should no pain no gain
[Music]
a couple more seconds
none
and now the final exercise awaits you
[Music]
number three toning the inner part of
the thighs
[Music]
last but not least is the inner portion
of your thighs because let's be real
who loves in applied shaping yes nobody
so just lie on your back keeping your
legs raised but this time cross your
right ankle over your left one both legs
should be tense and pressed against each
other
bend your knees out to the sides to do a
plie and then return to the initial
position repeat ten times with your
right leg over the left and ten times
with your left leg over the right so get
to it
[Music]
this exercise is incredible for working
and toning your upper legs buttocks and
abs make sure that your legs are always
flexed and pressed against each other
during the exercise you should feel the
pressure in your legs to know that
you're giving the muscles a good workout
[Music]
we're almost done and that's it you did
it it wasn't so bad was it hit that like
button so you can come back to this
video every day and do these exercises
with us you won't be disappointed with
the results you can also check out this
video that gives a unique and easy 1
month program that will help you get
perfect looking legs it'll leave you
with some seriously impressive results
that even Taylor Swift would envy a 5
minute workout that replaces high
intensity cardio is it you who always
dreamt about the Fit Body but didn't
know how to start or is it you who
always thought that squats and crunches
are just too much for you we found a
solution for you
no matter whether you're a beginner or
just a busy lady or gentleman these 7
simple exercises will take just five
minutes of your time and will suit any
level of physical condition because
they're all based on one phenomenal
exercise plank hey don't run away no
this is good plank is famous for its
four main benefits one a toned belly to
strong back 3 flexible body for good
posture just do it with us every day
preferably in the morning when you're
still fresh and full of energy and we
will make sure that every training is
fine and in just 30 days you will be
surprised to find a so much slimmer and
fitter body in the mirror hey what are
you doing in my bathroom so why do we
make the first step to your transform
body right now let's start you don't
even have to start your stopwatch I'll
be counting for you
exercise number one full plank lay down
with your belly on the floor then raise
your body on your straight arms and toes
and keep it horizontally your body
should make a straight line head the
heels breathe normally you need to keep
this position only for 60 seconds let's
give it a try ready the countdown starts
now
plank is one of the best exercises for
core conditioning it strengthens your
abs but also works your glutes and
hamstrings supports proper posture and
improves balance how are you doing
hold on try to breathe normally inhale
exhale that's right
[Music]
okay just five seconds left five four
three two one
wow that's great let's try the next one
exercise number two elbow playing keep
the same position on your belly now
raise your body on your elbows and toes
and keep it horizontally your body
should make a straight line head to
heels don't forget to breathe normally
this time only thirty seconds come on
you can do it
[Music]
plink is one of the basic poses in yoga
so you can be sure it is absolutely
healthy for your body and will keep you
energized for the whole day Yogi's don't
lie especially the yogi who said when
you come to the fork in the road take it
[Music]
three-two-one
you are SuperDuper I'm amazed all right
here we go exercise number three raised
leg plank prop your body in the position
of elbow plank raise your right leg to
the level of your glutes or higher and
breathe normally
up we go breathe normally because your
muscles will need to receive oxygen if
you hold your breath your blood and
abdominal pressure can increase
significantly and have harmful effects
on your body
[Music]
three two one now put your right foot on
the floor and raise the left leg to the
level of your glutes that's right hold
on apart from working on your back abs
chest neck and shoulders leg raise plank
also strengthens your glutes and back
thighs and every exercise that we do
should be healthy to your body so inhale
exhale inhale exhale to one great I can
see you're ready for exercise for left
side plank turn to your left side and
put the left elbow strictly under the
shoulder make sure your legs are
straight now push your bottom and waist
up balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body makes a diagonal line
breathe normally and up only 30 seconds
[Music]
side plank makes your abdominal side
muscles stronger and keeps your waist
thin whoo it's also a great pose to
strengthen your shoulders and arms
that's right it's not hard is it
[Music]
five four three two one
oh hell god
exercise number five can I guess mm-hmm
right side plank turn to your right side
and put the right elbow strictly under
the shoulder make sure that your legs
are straight
now push your bottom and waist up
balance yourself on your arm and feet
until your body makes a diagonal line
and breathe normally and another thirty
Seconds have started just now keep your
balance don't sink in the shoulder I can
see you you are doing great we're almost
there
[Music]
three-two-one
okay just two exercises left exercise
number six full plank again absolutely
you've done this one before let's repeat
raise your body on your straight arms
and toes and keep it horizontally your
body should make a straight line head
the heels breathe normally this time
only thirty Seconds you can do it make
sure your palms are right under your
shoulders if not move them carefully
your body should feel solid yes just
like that
[Music]
you are just our plank superhero you
know that don't you maybe five more
seconds mm-hmm and here they are five
four three two one
Wow and one last exercise to go exercise
seven elbow plank yes again okay keep
the same position on your belly now
raise your body on your elbows and toes
and keep it horizontally your body
should make a what straight line head to
heels right and breathe you should hold
the position for 60 seconds
[Music]
how you doing keep your glutes down your
body is a straight line yeah there you
go
Oh 30 seconds already passed and you are
still standing you are my superstar
[Music]
all righty keep going
ah five seconds left five four three two
one all right you've done it you are a
god of Planck all right and here is your
daily workout plan summary that might be
handy number one full plank one minute
to elbow plank 30 seconds 3 raised leg
plank right leg 30 seconds left leg 30
seconds 4 right side plank 30 seconds 5
left side plank 30 seconds 6 full plank
30 seconds 7 elbow plank one full minute
a 4 minute workout that replaces one
hour in the gym an exhausting workout in
the gym doesn't suit everyone and let's
be honest sometimes we have no time for
it however this is not an exercise to
avoid exercise quick interval training
is really effective due to its high pace
a large number of calories is burned in
a short period let's try these 5 simple
exercises that will take you just 5
minutes
you don't even need a stopwatch I'll
count for you so you can perform the
whole set while watching the video
exercise number one squats place your
feet shoulder-width apart or slightly
wider start crouching down pulling the
pelvis back as if you want to sit on a
chair crouch as low as possible keeping
your back straight return to the initial
position straining the leg and butt
muscles you need to repeat this simple
exercise for only 60 seconds let's give
it a try
here's your minute losing weight in such
problem areas as the legs buttocks and
hips is probably the most prevalent
issue in Fitness the beginner level
exercises like squats are pretty
effective and beneficial if you perform
this exercise regularly every day your
whole body will transform within a month
[Music]
for this easy exercise you don't need
special equipment or gym membership you
can perform it just about anywhere
are you doing there
[Music]
only a few seconds left five four three
two one
well done let's move on to the next one
exercise number two push-ups
take the plank position with your arms
straight your hands should be
shoulder-width apart and knees shoulders
and feet are in one line slowly start
lowering your body bending your arms and
keeping elbows close to your body return
to the initial position for a start you
should perform the exercise for at least
30 seconds
are you ready here's your half minute
[Music]
this exercise greatly works the pectoral
muscles and triceps if you're new to
push-ups begin by doing them on your
knees or while resting against a chair
or sofa
[Music]
how many can you do today let's do ten
more one two three four five
six seven eight
[Music]
910 that's it great job exercise three
mountain climber the starting position
is the same as in the previous exercise
Tincher abs lift the right leg and pull
it to your chest
your back and hips must be stiff go back
to the initial position and do the same
for the left leg this exercise takes
about 30 seconds take your time and
watch your posture
[Music]
this exercise will strengthen your
stomach muscles and help you burn
calories don't push yourself too hard
if you feel exhausted pause the video
and take a break I guess you need more
intensive music for this exercise right
[Music]
here you go
[Applause]
exercise number four lunges
[Music]
place your feet shoulder-width apart
and hands at the waist take a big step
forward with your left foot the left
should form at a right angle and the
right knee should almost touch the floor
go back to the starting position with a
push from the forward leg repeat the
exercise with your right leg this
exercise requires only one minute ready
go
place your feet shoulder-width apart
hands are at the waist take a step
forward with your left foot now go back
to the starting position and repeat the
exercise with your right leg then do it
for the left leg again then for the
right one left
right
left
left again and the right one keep going
until the time runs out when doing this
exercise it's very important to keep
your back straight
[Music]
are you done okay here's the last one
exercise number five jumps place your
arms beside your body jump up while
spreading your legs to the sides and
raising your arms above your head go to
the initial position with a quick jump
forty-five seconds is enough for this
exercise take the initial position relax
your shoulder and neck and get ready now
go
this exercise called jumping jacks forms
a part of military training in the USA
as it improves physical and aerobic
endurance
[Music]
are you feeling your muscles burn that
means you're doing it right
keep jumping for the remaining time the
workout should make you feel energized
but not exhausted so don't overdo it in
the beginning today you did your muscles
a huge favor here's a summary of the
workout that might be handy for you
squats 60 seconds push-ups 30 seconds
mountain climber 30 seconds lunges 60
seconds jumps 45 seconds keep performing
this set of exercises every day at home
or in your backyard and your body will
transform within a month you've already
taken the first step toward your dream
body
[Music]